Requirements:
Introduction
Tic-tac-toe, also known as noughts and crosses, or Xs and Os/“X’y O’sies”, is a game for two players, X and O, who take turns marking the spaces in a 3×3 grid. The player who succeeds in placing three of their marks in a diagonal, horizontal, or vertical row is the winner. It is a solved game with a forced draw assuming best play from both players. It is usually played on paper but as the technology evolved, here is a digital version of it.
This topic was chosen because it gives me an opportunity to implement and understand multiple C programming concepts.

Benefits
Tic-tac-toe Game offers a few benefits. Here are just a few of them:

Good Sportsmanship
Like any game, tic tac toe also teaches a person to accept the defeat as well as ackowledge the win.

Prepares for more complex games
It prepares a person for more complex games because they have to think of multiple things at one time.

Developement of Coordination
Tic-tac-toe helps develop coordination, fine motor skills and visual skills.

Mannerism
It helps one to learn how to follow rules and take turns.

Concentration
It can help to improve a person's concentration as well as strategic thinking

Cost and Features with Time
Time	Feature	Cost
1558	Started as a pen and paper game in Roman Emire, earlier it was called tic tac.	Free (Pen and Paper)
1952	In 1952, OXO (or Noughts and Crosses), developed by British computer scientist Sandy Douglas for the EDSAC computer at the University of Cambridge, became one of the first known video games.	$5
2000-2021	After Digitalisation, this game is almost free for everyone on multiple mediums.	Cost-effective
Defining Our System
Description

Explanation:
The game starts giving you three input options(1, 2, 3):
1 means you play using 'X'.
2 means you play using 'O'.
3 means you exit the game.
The game ends when:
It is in a draw situation , i.e, a total of 9 moves have been completed and novody has won.
You win.
The computer wins.
The game continues in the beginning if the check for draw is false.
Then it checks if anyone has won yet.
If not, then it again checks if it is a draw situation.

SWOT Analysis:

4W's and 1'H
Who:
Anyone can play this game.
Also, businesses can use it.
What:
This game is for recreational purposes.
Businesses can also use is for development of strategies as there are many possible outcomes in this game.
When:
This game can be played whenever you are feeling bored or want to figure out ways, outcomes and situations of this game.
Where:
A variety of websites make a simple tic tac toe game available.
Also used in businesses and organizations.
How:
It can be implemented in a business strategy to help improve it. Business strategy is about moving swiftly and getting an advantageous position. In Tic-Tac-Toe, this is pretty straight forward: The first mover can choose the best position. In business, it is a bit more complicated. Even if business strategy is more complex, the principle is the same: Move swiftly when the time comes, go for an advantageous position.
Detail requirements

High Level Requirements:
ID	Description
HR01	User shall be able to choose 'X' to play
HR02	User shall be able to choose 'O' to play
HR03	User shall be able to Exit the game
HR04	User shall lose
HR05	User shall win
HR06	User shall end up in a Draw situation

Low level Requirements:
ID	Description	HLR ID
LR01	If the user presses '1', he'll be play with 'X'.	HR01
LR02	If the user is playing with 'X', he'll get the first turn.	HR01
LR03	If the user presses '2', he'll be play with 'O'.	HR02
LR04	If the user is playing with 'O', he'll get the second turn.	HR02
LR05	If the user presses '3', it'll exit the game.	HR03
LR06	If the computer gets 3 Xs or 3 Os in vertical,horizontal or diagonal row, User will lose.	HR04
LR07	If the user gets 3 Xs or 3 Os(as per his choice), in vertical,horizontal or diagonal row, he'll win.	HR05
LR08	If the total number of moves, i.e., 9 moves have been completed and neithe the user nor the computer has won, it'll end up in a draw.	HR06
